Los Angeles, July 1947

It has been a relentless, hot summer. But it has not been one for enjoying the weather with friends and family, cold beer in hand, grilling burgers and hot dogs.

The citizens of LA have been terrorized by an unknown killer who dismembers his victims, leaving body parts around the city. The first victim was found only last month. A woman’s torso was found in a suitcase by the janitor of an elementary school, left beside a dumpster. A hand was mailed to the LAPD, the package reeking of rotting flesh, soaked in blood. The victim has not yet been identified.

But the killer is at it again. This time, a note has been left behind, and the body part found is the other hand. It has been presumed that it must be from the same body. Both hands have similar characteristics. The left hand had an indent where a wedding ring probably sat. This was a woman who enjoyed doing her nails, as they were immaculate and painted with precision.

It is 6:24am. A call came in to the LAPD by a woman in hysterics. She was out walking her dog along the Santa Monica pier. Her dog wouldn’t leave a particular spot alone, despite her best efforts to pull him away. When she finally went to see what the dog was making a fuss over, she made the grisly discovery.

The ocean air tickles your noise with saltiness, the air is thick and dense. You are looking at the letter that lay under the severed hand. It is not handwritten. Rather, it is compiled of letters from multiple different sources, newspapers and the like. 

YOU KNOW THIS IS SO MUCH FUN
THIS KILLING BUSINESS
IT IS MUCH MORE ENTERTAINING
THAN KILLING ANIMALS IN THE FOREST
BETTER THAN AN ICE COLD BEER ON A HOT DAY
OR GETTING OFF WITH SOME GIRL

YOU WONT FIND ME, LAPD
THERE ARE MORE
THERE ARE MANY
AND THEY ARE ALL MINE FOR THE TAKING.

THIS LETTER MUST BE PUBLISHED IN THE LA TIMES ON THE FRONT PAGE. IF IT IS NOT DONE SO BEFORE THE WEEKEND, I WILL GO ON A RAMPAGE. I AM STARTING TO ENJOY THIS. I DO NOT KNOW IF I CAN CONTROL MYSELF.

“Ah….shit”, you mutter under your breath. You’ve seen some crazy shit in your line of work, but this is something completely out of some twisted mind. A very sick mind indeed.

What do you want to do?

• The woman who found the severed hand is still at the scene of the crime. Do you want to go and talk to her? (Scene 1.1)
• The coroner is also at the scene of the crime. Do you want to ask him some questions about the other body parts found? (Scene 1.2)
• Examine the surroundings. Do you want to look for more evidence? (Scene 1.3)

Scene 1.1

The woman looks to be in her mid to late twenties. She is shaking and cannot stop crying. Ask her:

• Did you see anything or anyone suspicious on your walk?
• Do you come here for walks often?
• Is there anything else you can tell me about what you found?
• All of the above.

Answers:

• It was very early in the morning, and there’s always people around here! But no one looked weird or crazy or suspicious.
• I’m always here for walks! I like the beach and my dog likes to pee in the ocean!
• No. I’m completely grossed out! I have to sleep this off. Should I buy a gun? This guy is after women!

Scene 1.2 RELEVANT_CLUES

The coroner is examining the hand. Ask:

• Do you see anything different about this hand vs. the other?
• Can we tell what type of weapon was used to severe the hands?
• Are we absolutely positive this is the same person?
• Can you guess the age based on what body parts we have? We know this is a woman, but we need to have a better idea of her age. It may tell us who this guy is targeting and if a pattern starts to develop.

Answers: 

• The only difference in both hands is there was clearly a wedding ring on the left hand. It has been removed. I cannot tell if the killer removed it, or the woman herself. If it was him, he may be collecting trinkets from his victims. But we know she was married. Do we have any missing persons in the last month? Women who were married?
• The cuts are well done and clean. He has used some sort of a surgical tool, perhaps a surgical saw, maybe a scalpel. Either way, he has access to such tools.
• Yes. The nails and nail polish are identical. He clearly admires her work as he didn’t do anything to the fingernails. Maybe he likes women who dress and present themselves fashionably?
• I would put the victim in her early to mid twenties.

Scene 1.3 RELEVANT_CLUES

Footprints?
Was something else dropped?
Examine the letter.

Answers:
• Looking around, you see no real visible footprints in the sand. It’s not close enough to the water to have been washed away, but it’s a generally dishevelled looking patch of sand. 
• There isn’t anything around the patch of sand that may have been dropped by the killer. No pen, zip, nada.
• Looking at the letter…notice the blood is dark. Therefore, the blood wasn’t applied recently. It’s old blood by now. But the letters are fascinating. They are not from a single source. Some are block letters that you would see in a newspaper headline, some are cursive, some are in colour and some are black. Take the letter to your partner. They can start rifling through local papers and magazines to see if there’s a connection to the killer.

37th Precinct, downtown Los Angeles

You are talking to another police officer who has been working on missing persons reports. There have been a number of missing people from in and around the Los Angeles area gone missing, men and women. This started happening in the earlier part of the year, but started increasing in late April, early May. There have been very few clues if any in finding any of them.

You notice the women who have gone missing are all married, with no children. The men who have gone missing have also been married and childless.

The last woman to go missing was Brenda Stockholm, 23 years of age. Her husband Michael, was reported missing as well. They were last seen leaving a restaurant on the evening of June 2nd.

Margo Gitt and her husband Brian were last seen together at Pico Drive-In theater on May 14th.

Rachel Adams and her husband Michael were last seen together at First Congregational Church of Los Angeles church on April 29th.

Loretta Wilde and her husband Jonathan were last seen visiting friends John and Diane Walker in Topanga. 
 
A bloodcurdling scream fills the office. Jessica, who handles administrative work and incoming mail has dropped a package onto the floor. There is blood dripping from the bottom.

Your partner Andy, runs over and carefully picks up the box off the floor. He slowly walks over to you, his face pale, eyes bugging out. He hands it to you. 

The box is wrapped in brown paper and wrapped with twine. There is a small tear on the bottom where the blood is dripping out of. Very slowly and carefully, you begin to unwrap the package. A foul stench rises to your nostrils. Gagging and sputtering, you clench your jaw at the sight.

A freshly severed foot.

Your fellow officers crowd around to see the disgusting sight. You are completely silent, gears spinning in your head. Your partner approaches:

“Got that letter you wanted me to analyze?”

You are silent for a few moments before speaking. You walk over to your desk to retrieve the letter.

“He sure went to a lot of trouble to get this letter made up. It’s pretty creative, I’ll say. But yeah – check out where these letters came from. Maybe they’re local to where he lives. It could give us some clues. I don’t expect you’ll be finished quickly.”

You hand him the letter with a wry smile. 

“Have fun with this one!” you say with a slight chuckle.

You walk back to the package and the severed foot. Officers are muttering amongst themselves. You pick up the foot and get a closer look at it.

It is a clean cut, like the other body parts.

But this foot is different. It’s…got…hair on it. The toenails aren’t particularly well-kept.

It hits you.

“We’ve got a male victim this time. I’m taking this to the coroner.”

You have a list of the names of missing persons in your notebook.

Margo Gitt, husband Brian, Pico Drive-In Theater, May 14th.

Rachel Adams, husband Michael, First Congregational Church of Los Angeles Church, April 29th.

Loretta Wilde, husband Jonathan, visiting friends John and Diane Walker, Topanga, April 6th.


GO!


Take me to the drive-in!

Let’s go to church.

Drive up the mountain to Topanga.


!RELEVANT CLUES!

Pico Drive-In Theater. You approach the attendant at the gate, a young man of about 19 years of age. His hair is slicked off to the side. He has an awkward, shy smile. You show him a picture of Margo Gitt and her husband Brian, and ask him a few questions:

1. Do you remember seeing this couple? They were last seen at this very drive-in on the night of May 14th.
2. Did you notice anything suspicious after they arrived?
3. Did anyone follow them in? Did you see them leave? Did anyone come in alone?

ANSWERS:

1. Yes, I remember those two. They seemed normal, seemed happy. Uhhh, I don’t know what else to tell ya!
2. I didn’t see anything suspicious. I mean, it was a busy night. 
3. I didn’t see anyone follow them in. Did I see them leave? Actually, no. But it’s hard when tons of cars are leaving, ya know! We do get people who come to the theater alone, although not often. There was a guy in a white car by himself. I think it was a Chevy? I’d say he was around his mid-thirties. He was a looker, you know. Glasses. He looked smart. He was quiet and didn’t say much.



First Congregational Church of Los Angeles. You walk into the front lobby and approach the main office. There are a few women working there, handling the phone and paperwork. You ask to speak with them and show them a picture of Rachel Adams and her husband Michael. Ask them:

1. Do you remember this couple? They were last seen the morning of April 29th. Did you see them leave?
2. Do you recall seeing a white Chevy in the parking lot? How about a man in his mid-thirties, good looking with glasses?
3. Can you tell me anything else about that morning? Anything strange going on?

ANSWERS: !!DEAD END!!

1. The ladies all chime in saying they remember seeing Rachel and Michael. They weren’t regulars, but they did see them on occasion.
2. Not one of them saw a white Chevy, nor a man with glasses in his mid-thirties.
3. Absolutely normal Sunday morning. Nothing out of the ordinary. OH BUT CHERYL MACINTOSH DYED HER HAIR BLACK! WHAT WAS SHE THINKING?!


Your Chevrolet Fleetmaster Coupe speeds, screams and careens around the bends of Topanga Canyon Boulevard. It is a perfect day, sun out in all its glory, not a cloud in the sky. You forgot your sunglasses. What a day to forget your fucking sunglasses! On a road LIKE THIS?!! You’ve barely got any leads on anything. This next visit better give you something good. What else are you going to do…wait for more body parts to show up? AND THEN WHAT? You arrive at John and Diane Walker’s home. It’s a small yellow bungalow. Behind you, over a steep cliff you can see the whole city, glowing and alive. Diane answers the door. You introduce yourself and John appears shortly thereafter. They look downcast, and speak in soft tones. When you bring out your photo of Loretta and Jonathan, Diane bursts into tears. “I understand this must be hard for you both”, you say. John puts his arm around his wife, and says “It’s the strangest thing, officer. We had a wonderful dinner with them. We reminisced about high school and the stupid antics we all got into. It’s like a bad dream…how could this have happened? Who does these sort of things? Do you have any leads?” You grimace and try to hide it, unsuccessfully. “I wish I could divulge that information to you John, but I can’t. I have to ask you some questions, however…”

1. Did you notice anyone unfamiliar? You’ve lived here for a few years now I see, and this is a small community. Everybody knows everybody else. Any different vehicles that catch your eye? Was anyone talking about someone new to the area?
2. Do you, or do you know anyone who attends church services at First Congregational?
3. Do you have a local paper I could see?

ANSWERS: !!CLUES!!

1. We haven’t noticed anything or anyone different. No, wait! That’s not true! Muriel from up the road mentioned seeing a white Chevy Suburban driving down the road very slowly one night. She said it gave her the chills, something just didn’t seem right.
2. Erik Smythe, he lives only a few houses down from us. He’s an older gentlemen, in his early 70s has been attending First Congregational for the last few years since his wife passed away.
3. We have a newsletter that showcases local shops and their sales and what not. And there’s arts and crafts shows in there too. Would that help? 



